All right so we are on Section 10 finally.
Right.
So now we've got to Section 10 here.
Congratulations.
For those of you that made it for those of you that did not make it well we'll wait for you right.
Yeah right.
We need to keep going.
But anyway so we are in Section 10 here inside that practical app folder right here.
And we've got 10 there we are.
So now what we need to do is follow some instructions here.
He's asking us to create a class called Dog essential properties for dog example why collars nose or
fur color make a method show all name show all that echoes all the properties and instantiate a class
or create an object and call it.
All right call the method show or of course.
All right so go ahead and look at this.
Post a video or look at instructions follow it and do it.
You should know how to do that.
If not you need to go back to the section and find out how to do it right on the next couple of seconds
after you posit.
And when you come back of course for a couple of seconds for me but it might be a day for you I don't
know.
I don't know how advanced you are yet.
So anyway a buzzer beater can do it.
All right.
So hopefully you won't want to do it and not get easy if you get lazy.
Then what whoever would suffer is you because you will not learn as much.
But anyway it's up to you.
So if you did a good then we are good if you were able to make this class.
If not don't worry.
I'm here to help you out so let's go ahead and make a class is open.
BHB tag's first thing that we've got to do and this is put.
All right so the class that we've got to call is that we've got to make is called Dog.
So we've got to capitalize that idea remember that then some curly brackets and bring it down there
and he's asking us to separate some properties.
So I call his nose and fur color.
So I color would be something like We need to put the key word var remember that.
And let's just say ice is the first one here.
Eye color and nose.
All right.
So I colors and this just say is blue.
And the next one will be a.
I'm going to find out which the next one next one is going to be NOS.
And for.
All right so nos.
We're just going to say nose and I don't know why he knows.
And make sure that you put his dollar sign there actually.
Let's create another one called for for color that just make everything no color and fake color.
This would be no color black and for would be
brown.
So this dog is going to have blue eyes on no color is going to be black and brown.
All right.
So all right so we got all these properties here.
Now we need to call the method and then we need to actually not call them meant to be created.
So we created with a function key word there and to make this meant his name is going to be show or
so he's going to copy that and put it right here.
Right.
We call it just like we do with a regular function because it is a function but it's called Mentha inside
the class.
And then we're going to echo all this stuff here.
You remember how we Eckl how we reference this class here inside the class.
Do you remember that.
Well we use the word does.
All right.
And if you said it then good job.
If you didn't you need to go back and watch his videos and make sure you got this right.
So let me go ahead and we don't need to use the dollar sign anymore.
We just need to use that and just create a couple of this here.
This is just the one right here.
And this just copy this is on the right here.
And for color right here and I'm going to forget the semi-colon right here right now.
This is just going to look like this could display all of them and concatenate all of this one after
the other.
But I wanted to do it like this.
Boy goes there all right.
And this should be good.
All you got to do here is concatenates spade a B or tag
the tag and then just going to copy this here.
So now we created that math and then says that goes all the property instantiate the class.
All right.
So we got this method here.
Great.
It looks nice too.
Right.
As a matter of fact this should be and it will be that way.
And I did that with command.
Right bracket right curly bracket right here like this.
All right.
So you enter.
That's how I moved everything around.
So I said like that impressed a command in that bracket move everything you could do control if you
were in Windows.
All right so we're going to start Sheedy's class or how we do this.
Very simple.
After we see this make sure that it's the class there.
OK.
So how we do this first we need to call this right.
We need to say new dog.
And we go to see that make sure array that you have that capitalized there.
And now that we call that we can assign it to a assign sign too.
I think it does say what kind of a dog we got to assign it to a people.
Yeah it's a sign into a pit bull.
Nice doggy.
Right.
So we assign it to that and then we use that to call it pit bull.
You need to call the method right here because that's what he says at the end.
Call the method right here.
So let's call that let's get the name right here.
All right perfect.
Let's look.
Look it up.
We get an arrow here on dog 34 saying syntax error on the expected dog.
Of course this new thing and the thing and the reason why I made this mistake is because I was creating
another variable there and I stopped just to show you that you need to do this first and I did this.
I created this and then I stopped there and I left that I can go in here.
That's the whole reason.
All right.
So let's just return everything there.
Which way.
Refresh.
Perfect.
So we got blue black and brown.
All right.
So now we created a class with sets some properties inside the class right.
Great.
And we also created a method of that class and we instantiate it instantiated this class.
Basically created this little object here called Paint ball out of the flash right.
So this is quite an instance of the class.
In the case of this is an object now.
Right.
And we can create as many objects as we want.
We can go ahead and create as many instances as we want.
Pit Bull Dog Man Brock Woller whatever other objects you want to create and said different properties
for them.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture.
Hopefully this gave you enough knowledge there to create your own classes and mentors and properties.
All right.
Take care.
And I see you in the next lecture